=head1 Bigmike Core

bm-common provides common stylesheets and authentication for creating a
cohesive, 21st century website for the Information Age. You can see these
stylsheets in action at L<https://bm.howler.space/>

=head2 Features

=over 12

=item Swappable Stylesheets

Pre-built themes are provided for the user's pleasure

=item Optional User Authentication

Including includes/auth.php at the top of a file forces the user to
log in to access the page. The authentication references a SQL table
defined by C<includes/config.php>

=item Per-deployment Configuration

per-deployment settings are defined in C<includes/config.php>

=item User Invites

Users may invite other users to join. One invited is available site-wide
every so-many days; this practice limits bigmike's growth to being linear at
the max, and is a necessary tool for a site which has the danger of
balooning out of control

=back

=head2 Dependencies

The following things are required to run bm-common, and should be installed
in roughly the order they are listed here.

=over 12

=item An HTTP Server

bigmike has been tested with lighttp and Apache, but any web server with PHP
and xsendfile support will work

=item PHP

Make sure your webserver can interpret and serve PHP files

=item mod_xsendfile

mod_xsendfile enables the sending of large files easily. You can grab an
apache module L<here|https://tn123.org/mod_xsendfile/>, but several
implementations of this module exist for numerous other web servers

=item MySQL (MariaDB)

Storing user credentials and other information

=item Perl

You likely already have Perl5 installed, but in case you do not it is easily
available for many operating systems

=over

=item DBI

Perl5 database interface module. It is used for any perl scripts
that run on the site, like the installation tools or the 'daily dump' for
hooYa.
This can be installed from CPAN by running C<cpan -i DBI> as root, or
per-user if you lack those permissions or want a simply local install

=item DBD::mysql

Perl5 module for interfacing with MySQL tables through DBI.
Easily installed from CPAN by running C<cpan -i DBD::mysql> as root, or
per-user if you lack those permissions or want a simply local install

=back

=back

=head2 Installation

Ensure that you have all the above dependencies satisfied. Then, feel free
to run C<git clone https://bm.howler.space/git/bigmike-hooYa.git> and host the
repository through your web server

Then, C<cp includes/config.template.php includes/config.php> and edit the
default configuration to your liking

Finally run C<bin/install> to create the bigmike SQL structure for user
authentication

=head2 License

Modified BSD License (see C<docs/LICENSE>)

=head2 Contact

Bother me on IRC in #bigtown on C<howler.space:6667> or by mail at
<yumi@howler.space>
